= Strong Parameters

With this plugin Action Controller parameters are forbidden to be used in Active Model mass assignments until they have been whitelisted. This means you'll have to make a conscious choice about which attributes to allow for mass updating and thus prevent accidentally exposing that which shouldn't be exposed.

In addition, parameters can be marked as required and flow through a predefined raise/rescue flow to end up as a 400 Bad Request with no effort.

    class PeopleController < ActionController::Base
      # This will raise an ActiveModel::ForbiddenAttributes exception because it's using mass assignment
      # without an explicit permit step.
      def create
        Person.create(params[:person])
      end

      # This will pass with flying colors as long as there's a person key in the parameters, otherwise
      # it'll raise a ActionController::MissingParameter exception, which will get caught by
      # ActionController::Base and turned into that 400 Bad Request reply.
      def update
        person = current_account.people.find(params[:id])
        person.update_attributes!(person_params)
        redirect_to person
      end

      private
        # Using a private method to encapsulate the permissible parameters is just a good pattern
        # since you'll be able to reuse the same permit list between create and update. Also, you
        # can specialize this method with per-user checking of permissible attributes.
        def person_params
          params.require(:person).permit(:name, :age)
        end
    end

== Permitted Scalar Values

Given

    params.permit(:id)

the key +:id+ will pass the whitelisting if it appears in +params+ and it has a permitted scalar value associated. Otherwise the key is going to be filtered out, so arrays, hashes, or any other objects cannot be injected.

The permitted scalar types are +String+, +Symbol+, +NilClass+, +Numeric+, +TrueClass+, +FalseClass+, +Date+, +Time+, +DateTime+, +StringIO+, +IO+, and +ActionDispatch::Http::UploadedFile+.

To declare that the value in +params+ must be an array of permitted scalar values map the key to an empty array:

    params.permit(:id => [])

== Nested Parameters

You can also use permit on nested parameters, like:

    params.permit(:name, {:emails => []}, :friends => [ :name, { :family => [ :name ], :hobbies => [] }])

This declaration whitelists the +name+, +emails+ and +friends+ attributes. It is expected that +emails+ will be an array of permitted scalar values and that +friends+ will be an array of resources with specific attributes : they should have a +name+ attribute (any permitted scalar values allowed), a +hobbies+ attribute as an array of permitted scalar values, and a +family+ attribute which is restricted to having a +name+ (any permitted scalar values allowed, too).

Thanks to Nick Kallen for the permit idea!

== Handling of Unpermitted Keys

By default parameter keys that are not explicitly permitted will be logged in the development and test environment. In other environments these parameters will simply be filtered out and ignored.

Additionally, this behaviour can be changed by changing the +config.action_controller.action_on_unpermitted_parameters+ property in your environment files. If set to +:log+ the unpermitted attributes will be logged, if set to +:raise+ an exception will be raised.

== Installation

In Gemfile:

    gem 'strong_parameters'

and then run `bundle`. To activate the strong parameters, you need to include this module in
every model you want protected.

    class Post < ActiveRecord::Base
      include ActiveModel::ForbiddenAttributesProtection
    end

If you want to now disable the default whitelisting that occurs in later versions of Rails, change the +config.active_record.whitelist_attributes+ property in your +config/application.rb+:

    config.active_record.whitelist_attributes = false

This will allow you to remove / not have to use +attr_accessible+ and do mass assignment inside your code and tests.

== Compatibility

This plugin is only fully compatible with Rails versions 3.0, 3.1 and 3.2 but not 4.0+, as it is part of Rails Core in 4.0.
